TIMESCHEDULE.md, before:

| Date       | Time    | Task                                  |
| ---------- | ------- | ------------------------------------- |
| 2023-05-29 | 4 hours | Initializing project and database     |
| 2023-05-31 | 2 hours | Seeded initial data, added route      |
| 2023-06-01 | 5 hours | More data, more routes, wasted time   |
|            |         | solving a problem with associations   |
| 2023-06-02 | 4 hours | Initialized react app, with routes    |
|            |         | Added more routes to backend          |
| 2023-06-05 | 6 hours | Backend routes pretty much done,      |
|            |         | at least for the existing models.     |
|            |         | One year worth of data exist, time    |
|            |         | to get the major parts of the         |
|            |         | frontend done.                        |
| 2023-06-08 | 5 hours | Fixed some database model bugs,       |
|            |         | added components and form to frontend |
| 2023-06-10 | 5 hours | More components, more forms           |
| 2023-06-15 |         | Have gathered most of the data that   |
|            |         | can't be scraped, no real code added  |
|            |         | other than some minor things.         |

Commit message:

Added function to calculate tables, games list component overhaul

TIMESCHEDULE.md, after:

| Date       | Time    | Task                                   |
| ---------- | ------- | -------------------------------------- |
| 2023-05-29 | 4 hours | Initializing project and database      |
| 2023-05-31 | 2 hours | Seeded initial data, added route       |
| 2023-06-01 | 5 hours | More data, more routes, wasted time    |
|            |         | solving a problem with associations    |
| 2023-06-02 | 4 hours | Initialized react app, with routes     |
|            |         | Added more routes to backend           |
| 2023-06-05 | 6 hours | Backend routes pretty much done,       |
|            |         | at least for the existing models.      |
|            |         | One year worth of data exist, time     |
|            |         | to get the major parts of the          |
|            |         | frontend done.                         |
| 2023-06-08 | 5 hours | Fixed some database model bugs,        |
|            |         | added components and form to frontend  |
| 2023-06-10 | 5 hours | More components, more forms            |
| 2023-06-15 |         | Have gathered most of the data that    |
|            |         | can't be scraped, no real code added   |
|            |         | other than some minor things.          |
| 2023-06-29 | 6 hours | Added functions to calculate tables,   |
|            |         | major revision of the games list comp. |
|            |         | All data from the men's games is now   |
|            |         | collected.                             |
